1. 	Hibernate?
	Hibernate ORM stands for Object Relational Mapping. This is a mapping tool mainly used to store java objects into database. This tool also helps in data retrieval, creation, and manipulation. It uses JDBC for all db operations.

2. 	Advantages of Hibernate over JDBC?
	Hibernate helps in eliminating a lot of JDBC API-based boiler-plate codes.
	It provides implicit transaction management.
	Hibernate provides HQL which helps in writing database independent queries. while in JDBC, this is not the case.

3. 	Important interfaces of Hibernate framework?
	Configuration
	SessionFactory
	Session
	Criteria
	Query
	Transaction

4. 	What is a Session in Hibernate?
	A session is an object that maintains the connection between Java application and database. It wraps a JDBC connection. Session also has methods for storing, retrieving, modifying or deleting data from database using methods like persist(), load(), get(), update(), delete(), etc.
	It is short-lived object.

5. 	What is a SessionFactory?
	It reads the hibernate config file. It is a factory class that gives the Session objects based on the configuration. It is also called Heavy weight object. It is create once and can be reuse over again and again.
	ex- SessionFactory factory=new Configuration().configure("hibernate.cfg.xml").addAnnotatedClass(Student.class).buildSessionFactory();
	In above, if hibernate config file not given in configure(), hibernate will look for default file name i.e., hibernate.cfg.xml
6.	“session being a thread-safe object”?
	No, Session is not a thread-safe object which means that any number of threads can access data from it simultaneously.
	

	
10.	Hibernate Configuration File?
	Hibernate Configuration File or hibernate.cfg.xml JDBC configuration file. By default, this file is placed under the src/main/resource folder.
	The file contains database related configurations and session-related configurations like jdbc url, user id and password.
	Hibernate facilitates providing the configuration either in an XML file (like hibernate.cfg.xml) or a properties file (like hibernate.properties) or through java annotations.
	In xml, we can set properties like below- 
	<hibernate configuration>
	<session-factory>
	<property name="connection.username">name</property>
	</session-factory>
	</hibernate configuration>
	
11.	How do you create an immutable class in hibernate?
	Immutable classes in hibernate can also be created by using @Immutable annotation.

12.	What is criteria API in hibernate?
	Criteria API in Hibernate helps developers to build dynamic criteria queries on the persistence database. Criteria API is a more powerful and flexible alternative to HQL (Hibernate Query Language) queries for creating dynamic queries.

13. Entity class
	A java class that is mapped to a database table. It is a regular POJO class with some annotations.

14. @Entity
	We can map a class to database table using @entity.

15. @Table
	It specifies the database table to be used for mapping. If we don't use @Table annotation, hibernate will use the class name as the table name by default. 

16. @Id
	It specifies the primary key of the entity.
	If we want to automatically generate the primary key value, we can add the @GeneratedValue annotation.
	This can use four generation types: AUTO, IDENTITY, SEQUENCE and TABLE.
	If we don't explicitly specify a value, the generation type defaults to AUTO.
		ex- @GeneratedValue(strategy=GenerationType.IDENTITY)
	1. Auto Generation - Hibernate selects the generation strategy based on the used dialect.
	2. IDENTITY - Hibernate relies on an auto-incremented database column to generate the primary key.
	3. SEQUENCE - Hibernate requests the primary key value from a database sequence.
	4. TABLE - Hibernate uses a database table to simulate a sequence.
	We can also define our own custom generation strategy by override the generate().
	If the database table column is set with auto_increment then why are we using @generatedValue? Suppose we are using @generatedvalue(strategy=generationType.IDENTITY) on private int id; then it will get the value for ID from the MySQL table with auto_incremented colum ID.

17. @Column(name="name")
	It  is used to specify the details of the column to which a field or property will be mapped.
	We can use different attributes with this annotation like name, length, nullable, or unique.

18. Why we are using JPA Annotation instead of Hibernate ?
	JPA is a standard specification. Hibernate is an implementation of the JPA specification. You should be able to change hibernate with another implementation (like EclipseLink) without changing in the code. This is why you should only use JPA annotations.

19. Can Hibernate generate database tables based on the Java code?
	Yes, by using <property name=”hbm2ddl.auto”>create</property> in hibernate.configuration.xml file.
		hbm2ddl.auto–>create -Always create new schema
		hbm2ddl.auto–>update -Update existing schema
		
20. Hibernate Query Language(HQL)
	It is same as SQL (Structured Query Language) but it doesn't depends on the table of the database. Instead of table name, we use class name in HQL. So it is database independent query language.
	ex- Query query=session.createQuery("from Emp");//here persistent class name is Emp  
		List list=query.list();  //for hibernate 5.2+, we have to use getResultList() instead of list().
		session.createQuery("from Emp e where e.lastName='Sharma'") // lastName is the class's property name not column name
	//update	
	We can update the content by different ways -
	1.by calling the setter method and pass the updated value. Then call session.getTransaction().commit()
	2.by query interface. ex- session.createQuery("update emp set email='abc' where id=1").executeUpdate();//executeUpdate are used for update & delete
	//Delete

21. Hibernate Mappings
	One to One - An employee can have an employee details 
	One to Many - A company can have many employees
	Many to One - An employee can have many job offers
	Many to Many - A person can have many bank accounts and a bank can have many persons.
	
	Cascade - It means apply the same operation to related entities.
			ex - if we are saving employee, we should also save employee details. same for delete and it is known as cascade delete.
				 We can't use cascade delete in many to many mappings. It is depends on use case.
				 
7. 	Can you explain what is lazy loading in hibernate?
	Lazy loading is mainly used for improving the application performance by helping to load the child objects on demand.
	since Hibernate 3 version, this feature has been enabled by default. It means that child objects are not loaded until the parent gets loaded.
	
8. 	First Level Cache
	This is local to the Session object and cannot be shared between multiple sessions.
	This cache is enabled by default and there is no way to disable it.
	The first level cache is available only until the session is open, once the session is closed, the first level cache is destroyed.

9. 	Second Level Cache
	This cache is maintained at the SessionFactory level and shared among all sessions in Hibernate.
	This is disabled by default, but we can enable it through configuration.
	The second-level cache is available through the application’s life cycle, it is only destroyed and recreated when an application is restarted.
	
	If an entity or object is loaded by calling the get() method then Hibernate first checked the first level cache, if it doesn’t find the object then it goes to the second level cache if configured. If the object is not found then it finally goes to the database and returns the object, if there is no corresponding row in the table then it returns null.

TODO -
GenerationType
If the database table column is set with auto_increment then why are we using @generatedValue? For this, i need to insert a row by query and then try to insert record using hibernate. and check for the output.

- Cascading
	types-
	Persist - If entity is persisted / saved, related entity will also be persisted.
	Remove - If entity is removed / deleted, related entity will also be deleted.
	Refresh - If entity is refreshed, related entity will also be refreshed.
	Detach - If entity is detached (not associated with session), then related entity will also be detached.
	Merge - If entity is merged, then related entity will also be merged.
	All -  All of the above cascade types.
	ex - @OneToOne(cascade=CascadeType.ALL)
	
Eager and lazy loading
Relationship (Uni & bi directional relationship)
Entity Lifecycle